# NLP-Twitter-coronavirus
A sentiment analysis of tweets regarding COVID-19

Covid-19 was the biggest pandemic the world has seen in awhile. It was a very frightening time in the beginning of the outbreak because no one knew what to expect. Many lives and jobs were lost during this whole tragic event and it is still prevalent in society today. Now this pandemic has impacted a lot of lives negatively, but there were some cases where people had a positive or neutral reaction to this. Certain businesses were able to flourish during covid-19 such as insurance agencies. People were quickly applying to get better insurance and these companies were drastically getting more clients because everyone wanted to make sure that they were insured if anything happened. Another industry that thrived was tech. Since a lot of companies were going remote they needed a way to create a cloud where all of the files can be obtained by the employees or people having the knowledge to fix these systems if they ever go down. There were also neutral opinions about the pandemic mainly during the beginning of 2020. This was because not a lot of people knew about this virus and did not take the effects too seriously.
Since the outbreak of the Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in December 2019 and the ensuing pandemic, global opinion has varied about the situation. Many factors have come into play over the last 2+ years: forced or voluntary confinement, mask policies, mandatory or voluntary vaccines, among others. These polarizing factors have led people to express their agreement - and obvious disagreement - on social media, notably Twitter. 
Our group wondered what the overall sentiment was about the pandemic, how people felt about it and whether there was any noticeable evolution of these feelings over time. Our group decided to focus on Twitter feed in 2020, the year the pandemic boomed. 
